# Go-corpus-
This repository is to store information relevant to the corpus that consists of Chinese hit songs and South Korean hit songs in recent 10 years. I am a fan of K-pop (South Korean pop songs) and C-pop (Chinese pop songs). When I listen to theres songs, I have different feelings. Generally, I more dance and move my body when exposure to K-pop, I sing or hum more when exposure to C-pop. Many South korean songs (i.e. by MAMAMOO and Hyuna)just burn into my mind with the catchiness even though I just speak little Korean. I prefer singing to express my feeling rather than dancing while listening to Chinese pop songs. Just different feelings and musical behvaior! By the way, I am wokring on my reesearch relevant to Chinese music, so it would be helpful to do some try-out here. I would like to do the compariosn focusing on genre, artists (solo or group), and age. There is an idol culture ( either as a member of a group or as a solo actin K-pop), so it is expected that there is the diversity of Korean artists who might be at younger age. But it is unsure that how big the difference of artists' age would be. OST (original sound track for TV series) has been popular in both Chinese and South Korean music market, there might be some similarites of genre in the corpus. It needs further evidence for the hpothesis. The corpus will consits of two represntaive track lists in both music markets:1)Chinsese songs from Hit list - the ERC Chinese Year-End Hot 10 Singles 2)Korean songs from Melon Reveals Top 100 Songs Of Past Decade (2010–2019). One of the challenges is that Chinese music artists or labels has distributed their music on Chinese streaming Tencent Music, Spotify might miss some of the representative redordings. What I can try is to use Spotify API and Tencet Music API to see which one is convient to analyze data.
